Security considerations clean up (#56)
gnosis/ido-contracts: security-considerations.md

## Price considerations

> The following considerations make some claims that are important for the security of the code.
> References in square brackets can be found in the code as `\\[*]`.

Reviewer: Technically they are not important for the security of the code, the code could be secure or not without this text.

```suggestion
This section argues about some aspects of the security of the code, as for example rounding issues.
References in square brackets can be found in the code as comments of the form `\\[*]`.
```

We assume: p >= p(currentOrder)
(In this proof all divisions are integer divisions)

> ```bin

Reviewer: TIL you can use any string to tag code block!
Why did you pick `bin`? I don't see a clear meaning and it doesn't seem to have a custom treatment in GitHub ([list](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml)).

First, we prove p > p(currentOrder):
Due to if condition, we have:

```bin
currentBidSum * buyAmountOfIter < fullAuctionedAmount * sellAmountOfIter
<=> buyAmountOfIter / sellAmountOfIter < fullAuctionedAmount / currentBidSum  (as fractions)
<=> p(currentOrder) < p
```

Next, we prove p < p(initialAuctionPrice).
Since,

```bin
currentBidSum > minAuctionedBuyAmount
<=> fullAuctionedAmount / currentBidSum < fullAuctionedAmount / minAuctionedBuyAmount

>  <=> p < p(initialAuctionPrice)

Reviewer: Nit: the `<=>`s are not aligned.

We argue that both bid tokens and auctioned tokens are not withdrawn beyond
reserves in this case.
Funds claiming by the auctioneer will be done via [11].
We will investigate the 4 different ways the price can be set in the `settleAuction` function separately ( The cases are given by the code branches [13], [14], [15] and [16])

### Rounding considerations: clearing price is determined by [16]

Assuming the initial auction price is used [11], then it means that the auction
has been settled at the price determined in case [16]. Then, the auctioneer

> can not withdraw more than currentBidSum biddingToken:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cannot withdraw more than `currentBidSum` bidding token:
```

is partially matched since `clearingOrder` is not an existing order
(c.f. [Price considerations](##price-considerations).

```bin
[5]: out_settle = sellAmount * priceDenominator / priceNumerator
                 = fullAuctionedAmount * currentBidSum / fullAuctionedAmount
                 = currentBidSum
```

> The function `settleAuction` is built so that `currentBidSum` is

Reviewer: The reason for the "assumption" is that I don't want to show that the contract is secure, but I assume it is in this context. I agree it's not very nice, but a formal proof would have to first prove that this statement is correct, and this is not trivial.
